# Coding assignement for Data Scientist position in Magenta 

Hello! You made it! You passed to the second round of interview to become a Data Scientist in Magenta!  
This last step is meant to allow us to get to know eah other a bit better: you will have the opportunity to code in a developing environment that resamble the one we are going to use in Magenta.


### Structure of the repository

This repository contains example pipelines and data for interview challenges.

> This is an instance of https://github.com/l-mds/local-data-stack it may be useful for your own data projects.
> To read more about this: https://georgheiler.com/post/lmds-template/


src/code_location_interview/code_location_interview/assets/magenta_interview


## tools

- pixi: https://pixi.sh/latest/advanced/installation/
- Dagster: https://dagster.io/ (for futher learning: https://courses.dagster.io/)
- dbt: https://www.getdbt.com/

## usage
- clone the repository in your GitHub space
- open a CodeSpace - it will take a while (1-2 minutes because it's setting up the container)
- then run in the terminal: `pixi run start-dev` - this command will start your pixi environment
- go to https://<your-code-space-name>-<random-chars>-3000.app.github.dev/ or press on "Open in Browser" in the pop-up that it will appear.  
  Here you can see the Dagster pipeline. Click on materialize an assets to see the assets we have preppared for you
- work on the assignments

## Your Assignment

Imagine you are the lead data scientist at Magenta and your task is to pitch a new use case for upselling activities to the marketing department.  
The goal of this project is to use machine learning to optimize which customers to target for upselling campaigns.

> **Upselling**: A customer purchases a better and more expensive version of a product.  
> Example: A customer currently has a mobile contract with 10 GB data. After a marketing intervention, they upgrade to a 50 GB tariff.

### The assignment consists of two parts:

### 1. Coding part

If possible, please integrate your code into this repository, following the structure and instructions provided earlier.

We’ve prepared three sample datasets:

- `core_data`: contains core information about the contract
- `usage_info`: contains information about used data (GB) and roaming activity in the last 3 months
- `cases`: contains information about customer calls

### 2. Presentation part

You can use any presentation tool you prefer (e.g., PowerPoint).

Prepare a 15-minute presentation aimed at a non-technical business audience.

Imagine you are in the early phase of the project. After doing some exploratory analysis, you now want to present your idea to the business.

> The presentation does not need to be limited to your code.  
> You may assume you have access to more features or that you’ve tested additional modeling approaches.

Please address the following questions in your presentation:

- How would you communicate the business value of your solution to stakeholders?
- What is a clear metric to measure the success of your project?
- How would you compute the business value generated by your model?
- Which stakeholders would you involve, and at which stage of the project?
- What modeling approach would you use? (input features, model type, evaluation strategy, etc.)




## advanced usage
# ## docker

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml --profile dagster_onprem up --build
```

### .env  file

Post install:

- update the secrets in the `.env` files by executing: `openssl rand -base64 32` and setting a suitable secret
- ensure the `.env.enc` can be created by following the instructions in [documentation/secops]

here you find an example `.env` file which should have been auto-generated

```
DO_NOT_TRACK=1

WAREHOUSE_DAGSTER_HOSTNAME=dagster_db
WAREHOUSE_DAGSTER_DB=dagster
WAREHOUSE_DAGSTER_USER=dagster
# openssl rand -base64 32
WAREHOUSE_DAGSTER_PASSWORD=<<your-secret>>

# only set this for dev mode!
DAGSTER_IS_DEV_CLI=True

# only set in the container (should be done from CI pipeline)
#DAGSTER_CLOUD_DEPLOYMENT_NAME=techexploration
#DAGSTER_CLOUD_GIT_URL=https://github.com/myorg/interview
#DAGSTER_CLOUD_GIT_SHA=<<your sha>>
#DAGSTER_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH=main
```
